DataGrid Toolbar Customization: toolbar property instead of onToolbarPreparing (#1262)
DevExpress/devextreme-demos: JSDemos/Demos/DataGrid/ToolbarCustomization/description.md

> When you enable a DataGrid feature, the component adds the corresponding control to the toolbar. You can use the [toolbar](Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/toolbar/).[items[]](Documentation/21_2/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/toolbar/items/) array to customize these predefined controls and add DevExtreme components and custom elements to the toolbar. Declare the array elements in the order you want to display them in the UI:

Reviewer: > When you enable a DataGrid feature, the component adds the corresponding control to the toolbar.

This is a description for predefined controls, we have a dedicated section for it.

```suggestion
The DataGrid includes an integrated toolbar that displays predefined and custom controls. To add or remove toolbar items, declare the [toolbar](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/toolbar/).[items[]](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/toolbar/items/) array.

This demo illustrates how to add the following items to the toolbar:
```

* **Predefined Controls**            

> Create an object and specify the [name](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dx{WidgetName}/Configuration/toolbar/items/#name) and [properties](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/toolbar/items/) that you want to customize. If a control does not need customization, simply include its **name** in the **items[]** array. In this demo, we configured the [columnChooser](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columnChooser/) and added its string to the **items[]** array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create an object and specify the [name](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dx{WidgetName}/Configuration/toolbar/items/#name) and [properties](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/toolbar/items/) that you want to customize. If a control does not need customization, simply include its **name** in the **items[]** array. Ensure that **items[]** contain controls for all features that you enabled in your DataGrid. In this demo, we enable the [columnChooser](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columnChooser/) and add the *"columnChooserButton"* to the **items[]** array.
```

> DataGrid's toolbar allows you to customize predefined controls and add DevExtreme components and custom elements. To do this, use the [toolbar](Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/toolbar/).[items[]](Documentation/21_2/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/toolbar/items/) array. Declare the array elements in the order the controls should have in the UI.

Reviewer: > toolbar allows you to customize predefined controls

These controls belong to what?

> add DevExtreme components and custom elements

Add where?

> [items[]](Documentation/21_2/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/toolbar/items/)

Link contains version number.

> ### Predefined Controls        

Reviewer: A list would look better.

> An added DataGrid feature makes the corresponding predefined control available. If you need to customize it, add an object to the **items[]** array. This object must contain the control's [name](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dx{WidgetName}/Configuration/toolbar/items/#name) and [properties](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/toolbar/items/) that you want to customize. If a control does not need customization, simply include its **name** in the **items[]** array. 

Reviewer: > An added DataGrid feature makes the corresponding predefined control available.

"Added" where? "Available" where? Why rewrite the original sentence?

> If you need to customize it

Customize the feature or the control?

* **Predefined Controls**            

> Create an object and specify the [name](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dx{WidgetName}/Configuration/toolbar/items/#name) and [properties](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/toolbar/items/) that you want to customize. If a control does not need customization, simply include its **name** in the **items[]** array. Ensure that **items[]** contain controls for all features that you enabled in your DataGrid. In this demo, we enable the [columnChooser](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columnChooser/) and add the *"columnChooserButton"* to the **items[]** array.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Create an object and specify the [name](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dx{WidgetName}/Configuration/toolbar/items/#name) and [properties](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/toolbar/items/) that you want to customize. If a control does not need customization, include its **name** in the **items[]** array. Ensure that **items[]** contain controls for all features that you enabled in your DataGrid. In this demo, we enable the [columnChooser](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columnChooser/) and add the *"columnChooserButton"* to the **items[]** array.
```

> In this demo, we added the [columnChooser](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columnChooser/) and added it to the **items[]** array without customization.

Reviewer: > we added ... and added

Unnecessary repetition.

> we added the [columnChooser

It's our team who add features. Customers can only enable and configure them.

> added it to the **items[]** array

Added the entire column chooser?

### DevExtreme Components        

> Specify a [widget](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/toolbar/items/#widget) that you want to add and its [options](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/toolbar/items/#options). In this demo, we extended the toolbar's item collection with a [Button](/Demos/WidgetsGallery/Demo/Button/PredefinedTypes/) and a [SelectBox](/Demos/WidgetsGallery/Demo/SelectBox/Overview/).

Reviewer: > Specify a [widget](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/toolbar/items/#widget) that you want to add and its [options](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/toolbar/items/#options).

If you use headers instead of a list, you should treat each part of the text as a standalone piece. Specify a widget and options to do what?

### Custom Elements

> Specify a [template](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/toolbar/items/#template) for your custom element. In this demo, the custom element displays the total group count.

Reviewer: Same here.
